Career Summary

    A student oriented and having expertise in handling student queries possesses 2 years experience as a Lecturer.
    Proficient in developing skills in students and provide them a growing path.
    Extensive experience in organizing workshops.
    Excellent knowledge of subject and also have great practical knowledge.
    Outstanding track record in assuring student success.
Personal Qualities

    Excellent interpersonal skills.
    Excellent planning, organizational and negotiation strengths.
    Excellent communication skills in written and verbal both.
    Ability to lead, reach consensus, establish goals and attain results.
Key Responsibilities Handled

    Manage the teaching plan for students.
    Provide them practical knowledge.
    Identify the weekpoint of students.
    Organize various events to enhance the skills of students.
    Regularly meet with parents and tell them the week point of students.
    Supervising the abilities of students.
Education Summary

    Pursuing M phil from XXXXXX College in genetics.
    Did M.Sc. from XXXXX College in year XXXX with XX % in zoology.
    Passed higher secondary from XXXXX School in year XXXX with XX %.
    Passed high School in year XXXXX with XX % From XXXXX School
Key Skills

    Good explanation skills.
    Convincing skills.
    Good verbal and written communication skills.
    Initiator.
    Enthusiastic and hard working.
Hobbies

    Exploring new places.
    Reading magazines.
    Watching TV.
EDUCATIONAL DETAILS

    Master of Engineering in Industrial Production (M.E) from EET University.
    Bachelor of Engineering in Industrial Production (B.E) from EET University.
    HSC from State board with 1st class.
    SSC from State board with 1st class.
WORK EXPERIENCE

    Worked as a Lecturer in UOPE College of Engineering from DEC’2002 to DEC’2007.
    Worked as a Lecturer in REMS College of Engineering from March’2008 to May’2012 (Present).

RESPONSIBILITIES HANDLED

    Monitoring Attendance.
    Preparation of Question papers for Internals during semesters.
    Deep knowledge of the subject and in touch with the latest technological advances.
    Prepare lesson plans and methods of assessment.
    Making of Progress reports.
    Meeting with students and helping them in solving their problems.
    Helping students in Projects.
    Taking Viva’s for students during Internal Examinations.
    Helping and Enlightening students in making Jobs.
INTERESTS

    Teaching.
    Travelling.
    Going to Gymnasium.
    Listening to Rock music.

STRENGTHS

    Excellent Verbal and Communication skills.
    Ability to maintain high standards of achievement, behavior, discipline and punctuality amongst students.
    Leadership qualities.


Looking for an opportunity to secure the position of a Teacher where I can employ all my skills for the benefit of the school. Well skilled, educated followed by internship like to achieve good progress in my career through all my best subject knowledge and great teaching efforts.

Seeking a challenging position to utilize my skills and abilities in area of Teaching and Education that offers a professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

To use my skill and experience and thereby to promote a positive atmosphere and higher quality education among children. Seeking a responsible position to use my abilities and experience effectively and efficiently for children and have acquisition for learning and developing new skills.

